{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh13520\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Easy Downloader and Uploader
\b0 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone ****\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 How to use\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone ****\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Easy Downloader and Uploader 
\b0 is a very useful plugin if you want upload and download your file on your web server. This plugin makes downloading and uploading very easy. There are event system integrated.
\fs22 \
After integrating 
\b Easy Downloader and Uploader 
\b0 to your unity project you are ready to download and upload your files to the web server. If you are not integrated then look at the Integration.rtf file provided with this plugin.\
There is a DLL file at /Assets/Plugins/EasyDownloader.dll, this DLL have full functionality of the downloading and uploading. \
\

\b Default target directories for file to be saved after download-
\b0 \
Android = sdcard/Easy Downloader\
	
\i SDCard write permission should be given in player settings\

\i0 All other = Application.persistDatapath/Easy Downloader\

\i 	See Integration.rtf
\i0\b \
Events : \

\b0 1). Fired when download finished with downloaded data in 
\b UploadAndDownload.Data 
\b0 structure.\
UploadAndDownload.onDownloadComplete += OnDownloadComplete;\
void OnDownloadComplete(UploadAndDownload.Data data)\
\{\
\}\
2). Fired when upload finished.\
UploadAndDownload.onUploadComplete += OnUploadComplete;\
void OnUploadComplete()\
\{\
\}\
3). Fired if there is any error while downloading, uploading or writing to disk\
UploadAndDownload.onError += OnError;\
void OnError(string error)\
\{\
\}\
4). Fired while downloading is in progress. progress value will be between 0 to 1.\
UploadAndDownload.onProgress += OnProgress;\
void OnProgress(float progress)\
\{\
\}\
5). Fired while uploading is in progress. progress value will be between 0 to 1.\
UploadAndDownload.onUploadProgress += OnUploadProgress;\
void OnUploadProgress (float progress)\
\{\
\}\
5). Fired when file successfully saved on disk with 'path' where file has been saved.\
UploadAndDownload.onSaved += OnSavedToDisk;\
void OnSavedToDisk(string path)\
\{\
\}\
\

\b Methods for download and upload:\

\b0 1). Download file from web or from the local disk\

\b public void Download(string url, bool isAutoSave, bool fromDisk)\

\b0 url : url of the file on the web\
isAutoSave : if true, then file will be downloaded and save to disk on a configured path.\
fromDisk : Download from local disk or from web\
\
2). Upload data as a byte array on the web server\

\b private void Upload(string url, string folderPath, string fileName, byte[] bytes)\

\b0 url : url of the file on the web\
folderPath : Name of the folder/directory where you want to save your file on the server\
fileName : Name of the file\
bytes : Byte array to be uploaded\
\
3). Upload file from the given path\

\b public void UploadFile(string webUrl , string folderPath, string filePath)\

\b0 webUrl : url of the file on the web\
folderPath : Name of the folder/directory where you want to save your file on the server\
filePath : Path of the file on the disk\
Note : if you pass \'93My Uploaded Files\'94 as folderPath, then \'93My Uploaded Files\'94 directory will be created if its not there in root folder. You can also pass \'93Uploads/My Files\'94 as folderPath if you want a sub directory \'93My Files\'94 in \'93Upload\'94 directory.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b\fs26 \cf0 Properties:
\fs22 \
DownloadedData 
\b0 : This will give you struc, struc containes all downloaded data.\
public struct Data\{\
		public string text;\
		public Texture2D texture;\
		public byte[] bytes;\
		public string url;\
	\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 isDownloading : 
\b0  This will give you a bool value, if downloading is in progress then true otherwise false.\
\

\b isUploading : 
\b0  This will give you a bool value, if uploading is in progress then true otherwise false.\
\

\b downloadDirectory : 
\b0  Set or Get download directory where file will be saved after downloading.\
\
For actual implementation run the example scene.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs24 \cf0 Note:
\i0\b0  URLs passed to WWW class must be '%' escaped.\
\

\i\b Note:
\i0\b0  
\b http://
\b0 , 
\b https://
\b0  and 
\b file://
\b0  protocols are supported on iPhone. 
\b ftp://
\b0  protocol support is limited to anonymous downloads only. Other protocols are not supported.\
\

\b ''Note:'' When using file protocol on Windows and Windows Store Apps for accessing local files, you have to specify 
\b0 file:///__ (with three slashes).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 Note:
\i0\b0  The security sandbox present in web-player builds prevents you from accessing content not hosted the server where the webplayer is hosted.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 For any query write me at devesh.pandey19@gmail.com}